Questions

#HEART
	clinical correlating
	-> listening to heart, hearing defective part, highlight associated location

	- draw

	left anterior descending

	circumflex artery

	right coronary artery

	these are main arty that cause heart attacks

	outline aortic arch



#SKULL
	-Draw sutures/fusion lines over the skull 
	-in a baby, which sutures are not yet joined

	lost vis in left eye
	lost vis in bitemproal
		-> hits optic nerve, 

	where's the respiratary center

	{
	nervers of face
	trigeminal neuralgia nerve

	patient presents with pains on face from even gentle breeze

	what is the distribution of trigeminal neuralgia nerve.
	draw the main 3 branches across face

	:: disttribution is important, exams

	--> shows answer in next question?
	}




-----------------


Nothing looks as clear cut in the book, every body is different
Multiple warped bodies
All variations of of bones

#Dr Sandars
Extra bones
'FLKs' funny-looking kids. Congenlitle syndromes
Normal anatomical vartions can be very difficult for newbies

getting feedback for the student -> send data to teacher, annotated models

how anatomy relates together is the difficult part, context of the body
-> cross sections are useful


3D anaomty challenges

put body parts, muscles in alignment 

put in needle, it'll feed back

Ask students to draw cross-section, find out what students know and don't know! Not easy to get feedback if all on paper. Different cross-over points going down from head to neck.

FANTASTIC - have realtime feedback from students as they work on problems in tutorial. iPad. Maybe work as a group? Teacher gets composite image of all sutdents, they can clearly see about 80% of students are getting it wrong/right. No system for that. Multiple choice clicker sucks - boring. Dr Sanders, loves this idea. John rochester. "Real goerer", Elsiver will have all the images. Class of 2020 the tech wont be a problem

Elsiver "added benifit to their book".

-------------


Differentiators:
Teaching, challenges, annotation problems
!Feedback, composit images
Easy annotation of models, printing of these annotated models
Sharing of these models and annotations

Composit image, draw on model. In tutorial sessions, people seem to love it


---------------

Interactive links to videos inside the objects themselves
+ text explanations